README.md, before:

# Directed Energy Weapon Dashboard

## 📡 Overview

This repository contains the full-stack **Directed Energy Weapon (DEW) Dashboard**, developed as part of my internship project at **DRDO ISSA**.  
It provides an interactive platform to visualize, track, and analyze data related to Directed Energy Weapon systems, including:

- Types and specifications of DEWs (HEL, HPM, particle beams)
- Deployment status and operational ranges
- Real-time data charts and technical metrics
- Comparative analytics on regional defense developments

The goal is to deliver a secure, modular web dashboard to aid defense research and strategic studies on DEW capabilities.

---

## 🚀 Features

✅ Interactive UI for tracking multiple DEW systems  
✅ Modular charts & tables for performance data  
✅ Configurable data sources (JSON/API modules)  
✅ Secure deployment-ready architecture

---

## 🏗 Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React (Next.js) with Tailwind CSS for responsive design
- **Backend:** Node.js (Express) APIs for secure data handling
- **Visualization:** Recharts & D3.js for dynamic plots
- **Database:** PostgreSQL / MongoDB (flexible modules under `/app`)
- **Security:** Auth middleware, audit logs for sensitive access

---

## 🔬 Usage

### Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/directed-energy-weapon-dashboard.git
cd directed-energy-weapon-dashboard

Commit message:

fix: resolve JSX syntax errors
Fix JSX structure and conditional rendering issues.

#VERCEL_SKIP

Co-authored-by: Bhumit Mittal <113707003+Bhumit9416@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Directed Energy Weapon Dashboard

*Automatically synced with your [v0.dev](https://v0.dev) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/medfolios-projects/v0-directed-energy-weapon-dashboard)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.dev-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/42OdJyiDxqX)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/medfolios-projects/v0-directed-energy-weapon-dashboard](https://vercel.com/medfolios-projects/v0-directed-energy-weapon-dashboard)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.dev/chat/projects/42OdJyiDxqX](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/42OdJyiDxqX)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.dev](https://v0.dev)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
